what I would recommend you do if you're getting ready to live overseas
is no research the area that you're gonna be going to there's plenty
of information out there online our you can kind of understand where
you're living you know the climb it the things to do in that area
what are considered cultural norms of things to be aware of in the
people that you're gonna be living with his places are very different
than it is here in the states and so some things that we feel are
acceptable may not necessarily be like that when you go over there overseas
so you want to kind of do as much research about the area that
you're gonna be going to is possible to really prepare yourself as
well as if you have a family and they're gonna be going with your
overseas you got to prepare them as well so researching the schools
what is that curriculum look like if you've got kids that need to attend
school what kind of things are gonna be there for your spouse to
do as far as work maybe it's on base or off base would she have his
career plans here she so do as much research as you can before you
you leave for that assignment